Add some clarification of what `wrap` does and why it is needed (#43)
tc39/proposal-async-context: README.md

`AsyncContext.prototype.run()` and `AsyncContext.prototype.get()` sets and gets the current
value of an async execution flow. `AsyncContext.wrap()` allows you to opaquely
capture the current value of all `AsyncContext`s and execute the callback at a
later time with as if those values were still the current values (a snapshot and
restore). Note that even with `AsyncContext.wrap()`, you can only access the

> value associated with an `AsyncContext` object through that same object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value associated with an `AsyncContext` instance if you have access to that instance.
```

}
```

`AsyncContext.wrap` is useful for implementing APIs that logically "schedule" a
callback, so the callback will be called with the context that it logically
belongs to, regardless of the context under which it actually runs:

```typescript
let queue = [];

export function enqueueCallback(cb: () => void) {
  // Each callback is stored with the context at which it was enqueued.
  queue.push(AsyncContext.wrap(cb));
}

runWhenIdle(() => {

>   // All callbacks in the queue would be run with the same context if they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // All callbacks in the queue would be run with the current context if they
```
